hi well in this film I'm going to give
you a flavor of what happens in the half
hour challenge now the half hour
challenge is a competition that's held
at the bodger's ball and the idea is
people have to make something in half an
hour and it's great fun because you get
a real variety of things being made and
also you get people having to work
really fast and it's great to see what
they can do and here this guy he's an
expert Bowl turner and is producing an
absolutely beautiful wooden bowl and
just seeing how people work under
pressure having to do things quickly
it's well it's great here we have a
truck maker and I've put up a film on
making a drug and this chap is
absolutely brilliant at making drugs
you'll see him work so quickly and he
was putting in the boards and just
seeing how many he could do so he had
two frames made up but he was working
like a Trojan he had been working all
weekend frankly like a Trojan but he was
doing an absolutely sterling job and
here we've got a another Bowl Turner
so bowls are becoming quite popular and
also the other gentleman's making
rounders bats and seeing how many of
those you could turn out I think he had
enough for a few teams when he was
finished he was really going to collapse
and producing a lovely lot of Shaving
you might be wondering what the white
boxes in the bottom of the frame there
well it's actually a heater when people
bring along odd things a cell at the
body's ball which makes it water more
interesting and here we have a person
making a wooden spoon and doing a lovely
detailed carving to get that spoon out
so again just hacking it out of a log
and coming up with a lovely usable
object all in half an hour and it's
great fun being at a table where people
have to present the items they race in
with them we've got a lovely dragonfly
die miss being made that was made in
double-quick time but you see the other
items flying in here the trucks look at
all those is staggering and I just enjoy
seeing the stuff
and there are I on those bats so how do
you judge the winner there it's pretty
well impossible I would say all the
items were very impressive indeed lovely
workmanship and all done in half an hour
hope that's given you a flavor what
happens in the half hour challenge and
thanks for watching
you